# My-induction-experience-
Spiritual Start

As per the given schedule when we arrived to the campus we were guided to the campus gurudwara where we started off our exciting student journey by first obtaining the blessings of the wonderful Akaal Purakh 526178724_18025218896714801_2696879820071489812_n The day began with peaceful Path and Kirtan engaging us to calm our minds and sing in unision the name of the lord. Moving further ahead our spiritual start was concluded by Ardaas which is our plea to the almighty to fulfill our wishes and desires for the upcoming future. After the spiritual start we were offered refreshments and tea to keep our energy high for the upcoming events in the induction.
Orientation And Insightful Adresses

With our energy levels high and spirits calmed we headed to the college auditorium where we were provided with a starter kit from our college Screenshot 2025-08-03 125627As we entered the college auditorium we were escorted to our seats by the NCC Cadets. Then our seniors started the event and introduced all the dignitaries present there to address us. After that we were shown inspirational messages from our triumphant seniors who had cracked there dream jobs. Further into the event there were itroductions and words of encouragement provided to us by our knowledgeable teachers, principal sir, esteemed chief guests Er. Ravinder Garg -Chief Engineer, Municipal Corporation, Ludhiana and Er. Rakesh Kumar -GNDEC Alumnus (Batch 1991), ADC Ludhiana. The event concluded with a Vote of Thanks by Dr. K.S. Mann, HoD IT.526603297_18025332902714801_3198129516513183716_n
After the main auditorium event we were then escorted to our classrooms where we were introduced to our department faculty and mentors with all their qualifications and specialties.At last after the introductions there was a one to one doubt session with our teachers to clear all the doubts we had regarding our studies,branch,placements etc.527126514_18025332914714801_3782765069784933384_n
